The pivot display lets you rearrange data in a table for very detailed analysis.
You can pivot your data by a secondary dimension to
explore very specific business questions.
Let's see it in the source medium report.
Select the pivot display in the reporting interface,
add your pivot metrics,
sessions and bounce rate.
You see sessions and bounce rate by source medium.
Let's say you want to explore this traffic and bounce by state.
Let's pivot by region.
A user's region is derived from their IP addresses or you
can upload geographical IDs to make it match your business data.
In the US, a region is a state like California, for example.
In the first column,
you see the total sessions and bounce rate by the source medium as before.
But the other columns break the data down by state.
You see 62,805 sessions in California with a bounce rate of 31.71 percent,
compared to 14,824 sessions from New York,
with the bounce rate of 35.49 percent.
There's a region here that is not set in column four.
This could mean the IP address may not be shared by
the visitor which could happen for several different reasons.
If you wanted to explore this data by device category,
you could add a secondary dimension,
this display to get even more specific.
Now, you see desktop sessions and bounce rate from
California versus mobile sessions and bounce rate,
and you can do the same analysis for other regions.
The pivot display lets you interact with your data and
layer on dimensions for very specific analysis.
Use this display in Google Analytics to help you find insights fast.